Release Notes 4.20 (#1468)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-java/release-notes/release-notes-15-to-29.mdx

# 4.20.0 - August 7, 2023

## Compatibility Notes

- The `BindableService` abstraction has been removed from the SAP Cloud SDK.
  As a replacement, the `ServiceIdentifier` (originating from the [Service Binding Library](https://github.com/SAP/btp-environment-variable-access)) class is now used.
- The builder method `ServiceBindingDestinationOptions.Builder#using(ServiceBinding)` has been removed.

>   Use `ServiceBindingDestinationOptions#forService(ServiceBinding)` instead.

Reviewer: [comment]

I think these two notes don't make much sense for most customers (basically everyone except for CAP, probably) as we didn't document this API yet.
But I think we can still mention those changes 🤷‍♂️

- Re-establish default behavior for destination retrieval from _BTP Destination Service_ with destinations requiring a principal context - but without one attached.

  With `4.13.0` we introduced default retrieval strategy `ScpCfDestinationTokenExchangeStrategy.FORWARD_USER_TOKEN` which would no longer throw an exception for missing (but required) principal context, i.e. when a user token could not be resolved from current thread context.
  With this release, we are reverting this behavior back to the original setting.

  If you want to retrieve a destination without any principal context, please use destination retrieval options explicitly with `ScpCfDestinationTokenExchangeStrategy.LOOKUP_ONLY`.

- We are planning to discontinue support of pregenerated OpenAPI clients with SAP Cloud SDK v5 by end of the year.

  Therefore we're announcing module deprecation in advance.

>   The following module and namespace is deprecated while still being fully functional and considered supported in SAP Cloud SDK v4:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The following modules and namespaces are deprecated while still being fully functional and considered supported in SAP Cloud SDK v4:
```

  - `ApacheHttpClient5FactoryBuilder` - A builder class for instantiating a default implementation of the `ApacheHttpClient5Factory` interface that allows for some customization.
  - `ApacheHttpClient5Cache` - A cache interface for caching `HttpClient` instances.
  - `ApacheHttpClient5CacheBuilder` - A builder class for instantiating a default implementation of the `ApacheHttpClient5Cache` interface that allows for some customization.
  - `ApacheHttpClient5Accessor` - A class with static methods for retrieving an `HttpClient` based on a given destination, which uses the aforementioned factory and cache interfaces.

  ```java
  HttpDestination destination = DestinationAccessor.getDestination("my-destination").asHttp();
  HttpClient client = ApacheHttpClient5Accessor.getHttpClient(destination);
  ```

- Add support for Spring 6 projects within the OpenApi related functionality of the Cloud SDK.
  This is working right out-of-the-box, without the need to re-generate any existing OpenApi clients.

  This feature required a **breaking** API change, which shouldn't affect most users.

>   Please refer to the [compatibility notes](#compatibilityNotes) for more details.

Reviewer: I fear this link won't work (in the long run) as we would like it to.

```suggestion
  Please refer to the _Compatibility Notes_ (above) for more details.
```
